Centralize auth runtime settings access (#1059)
DashFin-FarDb/financial-asset-relationship-db: AGENTS.md

- **Production architecture:** FastAPI + Next.js is the declared production stack. Prioritize work on this stack. See `.github/AUTOMATION_SCOPE_POLICY.md`.
- **PR scope guardrails:** All PRs must include Primary Objective, In Scope, Out of Scope, Files Expected to Change, Validation Commands, and Merge Criteria.

> - **Runtime configuration:** Use `src/config/settings.py` and `load_settings()` or `get_settings()` for centralized settings. Auth settings (`SECRET_KEY`, `ADMIN_*`) and CORS settings are now centralized. Database URL is not yet centralized in `api/database.py`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Runtime configuration:** use `src/config/settings.py` and `load_settings()` or `get_settings()` for centralized settings. Auth settings (`SECRET_KEY`, `ADMIN_*`), CORS settings, and database URL resolution are centralized through the settings layer. Some legacy/runtime seams may still use direct `os.getenv()` access where migration has been intentionally deferred; do not assume full migration away from environment reads.
```
